Hi and a fun welcome to Steve's Kitchen
today's popcorn is all about color
its all about fruit we going to be making
rainbow popcorn
we're going to start off with a plain popcorn
with a beautiful color on it and then
add our flavoring to it come on let's get on
and make
our colored popcorn
Now youare going to want
a pan with a thick bottom and a lid on it
I'm going to put half a cup
oil vegetable oil into there a quarter of a cop of
popping corn
and quarter of a cup of white sugar
now we need to introduce color into our
popcorn at this stage so take a gel
coloring
I've got a sky blue here just going to pop some
blue just two or three drops
probably a couple at the most and that's
the basis
now we're going to take that over to the stove and start to heat this up
now over on the stove we want to turn it
up onto a high heat
and then what you going to do is just
mix all these ingredients together
get the color to start to blend with the sugar
what I like to do is just sort of shake
the pan around
in a circular motion and just stir like
that now fortunately for us
our corn will start to pop at the same
sort of temperature that our caramel starts
to form
now as I shake it backwards and forwards we're
just looking for the first of the
kernels to start to pop
but do be careful because you're dealing
with hot sugars and watch out for splatters
now look there is the first
little popcorn popping so I know it's
going to kick off very shortly
lets get our lid on there now what I'm
going to do is just
continue to shake this backwards and forwards
because I don't want to the sugars to burn
now it does take a little bit of practice
you're trying to get as much of that
popcorn to pop without the sugars burning
sometimes it's a good idea to turn the heat
down just a little bit
I can smell the caramel starting to form look at
the color coming on the lid
now I think that's just about ready so
I'm going to take that off of there now
Now when that popping started to slow down a
bit we would bring it over to the side here
keep shaking it just for a moment then
we're just going to take the lid off
pour it  into our bowl now this is optional but a
little salt  in there just enhances the
flavor of the sugars
pop my lid  on and then we just lift it
up
give it a good shake
and there you have it there is our
colored popcorn looking absolutely
beautiful and tasting
just fantastic as it is but we're going to make
these
fruity flavored come back and I'll show
you how now will you look
at those beautiful popcorn now if you're
watching this in black and white of course
your watching fifty Shades of Grey
popcorn but we are watching in color
and look at this even as it is now we've
got this wonderful
rainbow popcorn and you can eat it just as
it is it's fantastic
but we're going to take it up a notch and
add flavor to the rainbows and make them
fantastic
so let me show you what we're going to do
we're just pop the rainbow out of the
way for the moment
I'm going to work with the yellow I'm going to take it and pop it in a little tupperware
and to get flavour into here it's very simple
we're just going to take a jello powder or
jelly powder like this
and what you want to do is add maybe a
couple of teaspoons just sprinkle it over
the top
now  this is passion fruit I'm going
passion fruit with the yellow
pop your lid on the top and then we're just going to
give this shake a up again and because
it's just a little sticky
the flavor sticks all over there we can
put that back in the bowl
and you've got this wonderful
yellow passion fruit popcorn which
tastes let me just tell you
just fantastic
now we're just going to repeat this with
the other colors I've got blueberry for
the Blue I've got strawberries going on my
pink there
I've got  a wonderful lime Jelly going on
this one I'll get on and flavour these up
join me in a second now I've added my flavors
I've got the rainbow here now which one
should I go for come on shout
out I'm going to go for the strawberry
because it's one of my favorites give it
a try
flavours
just fantastic
so there you have it rainbow
fruit-flavored popcorn
now there are colors missing and the
rainbow squad out there are going to come
and tell me I've
missed this color out and that if you want to
do the full sixty four colors of the
rainbow
be my guest so if you like this video
and you make the popcorn please share
across some pictures tell me what
flavors you use
I love to see
and hear what you've been up to comment down
below share the love give this video a
thumbs up
I'll see you in the next video be good
now as a lot of you may know I'm doing
a series of Popcorn and I'll leave a link
up there now if you want to get across I'll
also leave a link to something else
rainbow featured on the side here as
well I love to hear your comments please
subscribe to the channel:
leave me to have a little bit of fun eating
popcorn
take care see you next time cheers